Hackers rarely have full knowledge of the technology stack of a target.
If you give a hacker a new toy, the first thing he'll do is take it apart to figure out how it works.
Software Engineering might be science; but that's not what I do. I'm a hacker, not an engineer.
Accident: A condition in which presence of mind is good, but absence of body is better.
All easy problems have already been solved.
All men should freely use those seven words which have the power to make any marriage run smoothly: You know dear, you may be right.
Always borrow money from a pessimist; they don't expect to be paid back.
Always try to do things in chronological order; it's less confusing that way.
Anarchy may not be the best form of government, but it's better than no government at all.
An armed society is a polite society.
An expert is a person who avoids the small errors while sweeping on to the grand fallacy.
Anyone can count the seeds in an apple.
No one can count the apples in a seed.
Any technology distinguishable from magic is insufficiently advanced.
Applying computer technology is simply finding the right wrench to pound in the correct screw.
Artificial Intelligence is the study of how to make real computers act like the ones in movies.
Artificial Intelligence is no match for natural stupidity.
As a general rule, the freedom of any people can be judged by the volume of their laughter.
Be kind to unkind people - they need it the most.
Freedom is the art of not having to worry about your door being kicked in.
Go to work, pay your bills, buy your groceries, repeat after me, "I am free!"
A bore is someone who persists in holding his own views after we have enlightened him with ours.
Bumper sticker: Auntie Em: Hate you, hate Kansas, taking dog. Dorothy
Business is like a wheelbarrow. Nothing ever happens until you start pushing.
Children are natural mimics who act like their parents despite every effort to teach them good manners.
I'm not a hacker, I'm a social engineer.
Computers are not intelligent. They only think they are.
Computers can figure out all kinds of problems, except the things in the world that just don't add up.
Computers will not be perfected until they can compute how much more than the estimate the job will cost.
Condense soup, not books!
Hackers black belt.
Conscience is what hurts when everything else feels so good.
Conscious is when you are aware of something, and conscience is when you wish you weren't.
Copy from one, it's plagiarism; copy from two, it's research.
A day without sunshine is like night.
A waist is a terrible thing to mind.
Democracy is mob rule, but with income taxes.
Do not follow where the path may lead....go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
Don't have a battle of wits with an unarmed opponent.
Drawing on my fine command of language, I said nothing.
Friends: People who know you well, but like you anyway.
When your dreams turn to dust, vacuum.
Eschew obfuscation.
Hackers tool belt.
Every time history repeats itself the price goes up.
Find expression for a sorrow and it will become dear to you. Find expression for a joy, and you will intensify its ecstasy.
A Freudian slip is when you say one thing but mean your mother.
The goal of science is to build better mousetraps. The goal of nature is to build better mice.
Given a choice between two theories, take the one which is funnier.
Good judgment comes from experience, and experience--well, that comes from poor judgment.
The greatest threat towards future is indifference.
Half of the people in the world are below average.
He is truly wise who gains wisdom from another's mishap.
He who hesitates is not only lost, but miles from the next exit.
The high cost of living hasn't affected its popularity.
Hindsight is an exact science.
Horses just naturally have mohawk haircuts.
How can you tell when sour cream goes bad?
The human mind ordinarily operates at only ten percent of its capacity. The rest is overhead for the operating system.
The human race is faced with a cruel choice: work or daytime television.
If all economists were laid end to end, they would not reach a conclusion.
If I ever needed a brain transplant, I'd choose a teenager's because I'd want a brain that had never been used.
If the car industry had progressed as much as the computer industry over the last 30 years, a Rolls-Royce would cost $5, get 300 miles per gallon, and blow up once a year killing all passengers inside.
If God wanted me to touch my toes, he'd have put them on my knees.
If the hours are long enough and the pay is short enough, someone will say it's women's work.
If ignorance is bliss, why aren't there more happy people?
If the human brain were so simple we could understand it, we would be so simple we couldn't.
If the odds are a million to one against something occurring, chances are 50-50 it will.
If you hear an onion ring, answer it.
If you're not part of the solution, then you're part of the precipitate.
I have often regretted my speech, never my silence.
In a survey taken several years ago, all incoming freshman at MIT were asked if they expected to graduate in the top half of their class. Ninety-seven percent responded that they did.
Include the success of others in your dreams for your own success.
In theory, there is no difference between theory and practice. In practice, however, there is.
Is the glass half empty, half full, or twice as large as it needs to be?
I still miss my ex-wife, but my aim is getting better.
It may be that your whole purpose in life is simply to serve as a warning to others.
I think animal testing is a terrible idea; they get all nervous and give the wrong answers.
It's a small world, but I wouldn't want to paint it.
It's hard to make a program foolproof because fools are so ingenious.
Just because your doctor has a name for your condition doesn't mean he knows what it is.
Keep your head and your heart going in the right direction and you will not have to worry about your feet.
Life would be so much easier if everyone read the manual.
The light at the end of the tunnel is usually a "No Exit" sign.
Like winter snow on summer lawn, time past is time gone.
Madness takes its toll. Please have exact change.
A metaphor is like a simile.
Minds are like parachutes - they only function when open.
Mistakes are often the stepping stones to utter failure.
The more sins you confess, the more books you will sell.
Nearly everyone is in favor of going to heaven but too many are hoping they'll live long enough to see an easing of the entrance requirements.
Never appeal to a man's "better nature." He might not have one.
Never ascribe to malice that which can adequately be explained by stupidity.
Never put off until tomorrow what you can put off indefinitely.
The nice thing about standards is, there are so many to choose from.
Nobody trips over mountains. It is the small pebble that causes you to stumble. Pass all the pebbles in your path and you will find you have crossed the mountain.
No man knows what true happiness is until he gets married. By then, of course, its too late.
The number you have dialed is imaginary. Please divide by 0 and try again.
Objects in mirror are closer than they appear.
Of all the things I've lost, I miss my mind the most.
One essential to success is that you desire be an all-obsessing one, your thoughts and aims be co-ordinated, and your energy be concentrated and applied without letup.
The one who says it cannot be done should never interrupt the one who is doing it.
The only time the world beats a path to your door is when you are in the bathroom.
Opinions are like assholes: everybody's got one, and they all stink.
People seldom know what they want until you give them what they ask for.
People with narrow minds usually have broad tongues.
The philosophy exam was a piece of cake - which was a bit of a surprise, actually, because I was expecting some questions on a sheet of paper.
Philosophy is a game with objectives and no rules.
Mathematics is a game with rules and no objectives.
Plants do not have the power of locomotion -- except perhaps for kudzu.
Some people march to the beat of a different drummer. And some people tango!
Sorry, but my karma just ran over your dogma.
The speed of time is one second per second.
A Stanford research group advertised for participants in a study of obsessive-compulsive disorder. They got 3000 responses. All from the same person.
Status quo. Latin for "the mess we're in."
Success in marriage is not so much finding the right person as it is being the right person.
Teenagers are people who express a burning desire to be different by dressing exactly alike.
There's a fine line between courage and foolishness. Too bad its not a fence.
There are some strings. They're just not attached.
There has been an alarming increase in the number of things you know nothing about.
There's an old proverb that says just about whatever you want it to.
There's an old story about the person who wished his computer were as easy to use as his telephone. That wish has come true, since I no longer know how to use my telephone.
There's no future in time travel.
Thought for the day: What if there were no hypothetical situations?
To be a winner, all you need to give is all you have.
Today is the yesterday you worried about tomorrow.
Too many people are ready to carry the stool when the piano needs to be moved.
Two wrongs don't make a right, but three rights make a left.
Until you walk a mile in another man's moccasins, you can't imagine the smell.
Virtue is its own punishment.
What's the sound a name makes when it's dropped?
What was sliced bread the greatest thing since?
When all else fails, read the instructions.
When all is said and done, more is said than done.
Where would we be without rhetorical questions?
While money can't buy happiness, it certainly lets you choose your own form of misery.
While most peoples' opinions change, the conviction of their correctness never does.
Why can you only have two doors on a chicken coop? If it had four it would be a chicken sedan.
Work 8 hours, sleep 8 hours; but not the same 8 hours.
Writing a book is like washing an elephant: there's no good place to begin or end, and it's hard to keep track of what you've already covered.
You are only young once, but you can stay immature indefinitely.
You can only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.
What is a "free" gift? Aren't all gifts free?
They told me I was gullible and I believed them.
Teach a child to be polite and courteous in the home and, when he grows up, he'll never be able to merge his car onto the freeway.
One nice thing about egotists: they don't talk about other people.
I used to be indecisive. Now I'm not sure.
All I ask is a chance to prove that money can't make me happy.
You cannot propel yourself forward by patting yourself on the back.
You don't have to stay up nights to succeed; you have to stay awake days.
You don't have to worry about me. I might have been born yesterday...but I stayed up all night.
Life is sexually transmitted.
Good health is merely the slowest possible rate at which one can die.
Men have two emotions: Hungry and Horny. If you see him without an erection, make him a sandwich.
Give a person a fish and you feed them for a day; teach a person to use the Internet and they won't bother you for weeks.
Some people are like a slinky ... not really good for anything, but you still can't help but smile when you shove them down the stairs.
Health nuts are going to feel stupid someday, lying in hospitals dying of nothing.
All of us could take a lesson from the weather. It pays no attention to criticism.
Why does a slight tax increase cost you $200.00 and a substantial tax cut save you $0.30?
In the '60's, people took acid to make the world weird. Now the world is weird and people take Prozac to make it normal.
Life is like a Curry. What you do today, might burn your arse tomorrow.